hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be filming a
pack with me for university video as you
can see i am actually already at
university and that's because i
completely forgot to film an intro but
i really hope that you enjoy watching
and stay tuned because
my daily university vlogs are starting
very
very soon i feel like bedding is a very
good place to start i just got two big
laundry bags used one for my duvet
and then another for all of my sheets
and my cushions
it will fit really really well i was
very surprised okay all my bedding
is in these two okay next i'm gonna pack
my clothes i am going to try and do a
semi capsule wardrobe for university uh
with things i can just pair
really easily i'm going to try and pack
everything in this trunk suitcase
my bigger items in my laundry bag i
managed to fit everything in the case
and then i just packed loads of hangers
which is
so important to remember now i'm gonna
go into doing
packing some decor so i'm gonna start
with photographs and i'm gonna put all
of the ones i want to bring in
this box these clips are so satisfying i
started off like looking for the photos
i wanted to bring to put up in my
university room but i got a little bit
distracted as you always do when you saw
photos and
i ended up sorting my photos into
different proper wallets which i've been
meaning to do for a very long time
and i'm glad i did do it
okay so i think i'm making good progress
um i'm basically just sorting my photos
into these pop-up wallets
so this one is for my favorite baby
photos
then um this one is just filled with
school photos
this is for postcards and static prints
and
then finally this one is ones i'm going
to be bringing to university with me
oh and this box is for all other videos
i've got quite a lot of bay days
[Music]
i also wanted to bring a really nice
photo frame with me so i went to the
loft to have a look
and i found this little walking award
from when i was a toddler
this is the frame i ended up finding and
yes i have stuck a polar express ticket
to that
i also had to bring some candles because
i am allowed candles this year
[Music]
genuinely one of the best bits about
moving out of student
accommodation is that i can burn candles
i ended up bringing quite a lot of
candles
okay i'm gonna have a break from packing
and do a ballet
fit class show my ensemble i'm wearing
actual ballet tights and ballet shoes as
if i can actually do this mum got me
ballet shoes
i bought this can of baked beans from
photomason
and i just really like the tin so i'm
going to eat the baked beans and
then use this as a pen pot but the beans
went out of date
and that shows how long i've had these
beans for just think a little bit
could say okay it's empty
now i just need to clean it
okay i'm now gonna pack my stationery
and i am going to pack all of my
stationery
in this bag
i just wrote my stationery list on
notion so that i could
check off everything as i was packing it
i'm going to put all of my pens into
this constellations pencil case first of
all mild liners
[Music]
i'm also going to bring two metallic
sharpies
some tombows
some fine liners just a few fineliners
i'll bring four
[Music]
i obviously want to bring some pans
and i'm going to bring all of the
vintage sarasa zebra pens which i bought
i'm going to bring some invisible tape
and i'm going to bring
quite a few rolls of washi tape i think
i'm going to bring
six washi tapes
the first thing i did was fill up this
jam jar with half almonds and half
pecans
because i didn't want to bring like a
massive bag of them and they're quite
expensive to buy so
i just thought i'd bring something from
home okay it's the day before i move
back to university
and we have got quite a lot of packing
left to do this morning i had a really
relaxed morning i wrote a letter
and i finished my book i had like 150
pages left
so i just sat down outside and read that
which is really nice oh this is what i
did yesterday
didn't film this so i'm using this box
to put all of my kitchen stuff
and like some foods so i've got some
dried fruit here because no one in my
family eats that
apart from me i'm bringing a really nice
tea cup with me
my tupperware iron sachets
almond butter like loads of spices oh
gosh the new
peppernut gingerbread then i got little
loads and loads of tea
all of that at the bottom oh and in that
pip and not there's loads of tea as well
as i said in my last vlog i don't have
to bring very much kitchen my stuff
because
they provide everything one thing i was
gonna bring though was some
nice mugs
then i wrapped up all of my breakables
in
newspaper and i wrapped up this bottle
but then i decided i didn't actually
want to bring it actually on second
thoughts do i need it because i'm
bringing a coconut bowl
i don't think i do need it can you
believe i almost forgot my tea strainer
now that would have been a disaster
we're going to have like a family
evening tonight so i need to make sure
i'm completely packed because we're
leaving tomorrow morning quite early
last minute
i've been stalking my housemates tbr
list on goodreads and i'm going to see
which books i have um
like i'm here in the library and i'm
going to be looking through to see if i
have any of those books that she wants
to read i definitely do have a few
so i packed those books i also packed
loads of books for myself and
i put all of the books in this wooden
crate because i thought it would be the
most sturdy way to transport them as you
can see i've just stuffed the top with
other things
so thank you so much for watching
today's video i hope you enjoyed it
and i look forward to seeing you soon
with the daily university vlogs
bye have a productive week
you